Graph-Report
============
**text will be bold**
#Heading #Written Analysis of Social Media Illustration 
Throughout this class, I have had the pleasure of experimenting with Netvizz and Gephi to create graphs and models of connections on my social media. In this reflection, I have decided to write about the Gephi I did on my high school friends. The Facebook group I selected has 11 members and I decided to analyze their relationships based on likes and tagged photos rather than “friend” connections. The graph wasn’t too difficult to make based on the low number of components that went into it. With only 11 members in the group, the graph only had 11 nodes, which I labeled with each member’s initials to make the connections more clear. I selected this particular Facebook group as opposed to any of my others because of a combination of two variables. First, that the number of members seemed the most manageable and second that because we have been best friends for years, there would be a lot of data, but because we went to different colleges our communication has become slightly more limited over the last couple of years. 

**GRAPH 2**
Due to my lack of initial experience with Gephi, I decided following a consult with the professor to reevaluate my take on the assignment and complete another graph. In this particular illustration, I chose to portray a larger portion of my social network: my sorority’s event/information page on Facebook. Due to the number of people in the social network this graph had several more nodes, making it more difficult to read. I played around with several of the features on Gephi in an attempt to find a tool to make the graph appear at the desired level of Clarity. In the end, I was left with a more organized graph that I began to sort into two color clusters, I was able to do this based on friendship connections and interactions, with certain numbers in blue and others in pink. I was unsuccessful in being able to label all of the nodes, but having discovered the colored cluster tool, I felt that the information was slightly more clearly portrayed. Due to my inability to operate Gephi I was still a little confused but I think that several of the topics be have discussed in class were visible in my new, more complex graph. The bridging and bonding connections of the nodes are vey clear and can be found in several of the connection clusters. I am convinced that in my free time I will take the time to better get to know the innovative and useful technologies on netvizz and Gephi that I can utilize to harvest information from my own social media networks. The graph I will admit does not display the desired level of clarity as defined by the class outline, but the assignment did provide me with an opportunity to better understand the possibility in Gephi. My graph showed the connections of several hundred girls over the period of several years, which of course led to a lot of complexity, but the colored clusters assisted greatly in helping to make the stronger and weaker connections more clear. I look forward to the opportunity of getting to know the program better and creating more graphs that visualize my social media networks. 
